review_id~review_title~review_link~pros~cons~review_text~author~review-date~star-rating
NrToKooyzTZKccgW8LWc5G~Hands on: Samsung Galaxy M30 review~https://www.techradar.com/reviews/samsung-galaxy-m30~NA~NA~Samsung launched its millennial-centric M-series just last month in India with two smartphones- the Galaxy M10 and M20. In February, Samsung seems to have almost doubled up its phone launches as the company recently announced its refreshed Galaxy A-series and the Galaxy M30, the third phone in the M-series.The Galaxy M10 and Galaxy M20 are currently selling like hotcakes on Amazon India and let's check out what the M30 is able to bring to the table.Samsung Galaxy M30 price and release dateThe Samsung Galaxy M30 is priced at Rs 14,990 for the variant with 4GB RAM and 64GB storage. There's a 6GB RAM variant with 128GB of storage which is priced at Rs 17,990. The Galaxy M30 will go on sale for the first time on March 7 at 12 PM on Amazon India and Samsung India store. Also Read: Comparison: Samsung Galaxy M20 vs Xiaomi Redmi Note 6 ProDesignThe Galaxy M30 follows the same design language as its younger siblings. It is built from polycarbonate and has a glossy finish on the back. The plastic frame is curved around the edges to fit in the display and makes it feel like an inherent part of the body.  The rear panel is smooth to touch and the gradient blue and black finish looks really cool. The triple camera setup on the back resides in a module on the top right corner with an accentuated silver ring over the middle sensor.Overall, the built of the Galaxy M30 feels much similar to the other two phones in this segment. It fits in hand very well and is solidly built.DisplayThe M30 receives an upgrade in the form of a Super AMOLED panel measuring 6.4-inches. It has a Full HD+ (2280 x 1080 pixels) resolution and sports the company’s infinity-U notch design. This makes for a 19.5:9 aspect ratio of the screen. The Galaxy M30 also happens to be the first M-series phone with the u-shaped notch on the front.The notched design is even smaller than the regular waterdrop notch found on the Galaxy M10 or M20. Having said that, the M30 has a distinctively wider chin than the M30.In usage, the Galaxy M30 seems like a good phone to watch videos and listen to music on. The screen leans a bit towards warmer tones. It comes with Widevine L1 certification and also supports Dolby ATMOS over headphones. Rest assured, we’re expecting a good time when we start binging on Netflix over the M30. We’ll let you know in any case in our full review.CameraThe three camera setup on the M30 consists of a primary 13MP sensor with an f/1.9 aperture coupled with a 5MP depth-sensor and a 5MP ultra-wide angle sensor that enables a 123-degree field of view. Photography enthusiasts can play around with the wide-angle camera for some landscape imagery that stands out.Although we are going to test the camera on the Galaxy M30 in more detail, our initial impressions are based on one picture, captured in regular mode and the same frame through the wide-angle mode.As expected the wide-angle picture was able to take in more of the scene in the frame but sadly lacks in detail retention. The normal picture while able to maintain the clarity and sharpness felt a bit over-saturated.The M30 has a 16MP camera for selfies on the front and we’ll be testing out that as well in our full review.Image 1 of 2Image 2 of 2PerformanceSamsung Galaxy M30 is powered by Exynos 7904 chipset which is the same one found on the M20. It’s an octa-core CPU utilizing two Cortex-A73 clusters clocked at 1.8GHz for power-hungry tasks and six Cortex-A53 cores clocked at 1.6GHz for power-efficiency.This is paired either with 4GB of RAM and 64GB internal storage or 6GB RAM and 128GB storage.The M30 has the Samsung Experience 9.5 UI based on Android 8.1.0 and we have had our fair share of encounter with this UI on the Galaxy M10 and Galaxy M20. While it’s not the best experience on a smartphone in this range, Samsung’s optimizations should keep the show running without hiccups. Especially now that the company is offering 6GB RAM with the M30.We’ll be running our usual tests on the Galaxy M30 and will make sure to play a couple of rounds of PUBG Mobile to provide a better and detailed performance analysis.BatterySamsung has outfitted the Galaxy M30 with a 5,000mAh battery which also supports fast charging via the 15w adapter provided in-the-box.In our limited usage, the Galaxy M30 took around 30 minutes to recharge from 70% to 100%.Early verdictThe Galaxy M30 offers a bump up in the screen and camera departments from the Galaxy M20. Our initial impressions of those are fairly positive and we especially love the display on the M30.At a starting price of Rs 14,990, the M30 lands in a sweet spot but it remains to be seen if it is able to match the performance of other phones in the segment, like the Redmi Note 6 Pro.Also Read: Samsung Galaxy M20 review~Siddharth Chauhan~2019-02-27T14:35:39Z~NA
SNKjk7TkqporWvPAiBDDmT~Hands on: Samsung Galaxy S10 review~https://www.techradar.com/reviews/samsung-galaxy-s10~NA~NA~Update: Our Samsung Galaxy S10 has been updated to reflect our nearly-week-long test of the Plus version and some time with the S10 model. Here's what we think of it. The Samsung Galaxy S10 has been engineered to be a conversation changer, a phone that's intended to turn everyone's yearly question of "Do I really need to upgrade?" into a more exclamatory "Do I really need to upgrade!"Our hands-on time with the S10 (and close to a week of testing the Plus version) proves that it does make this case, with some clear caveats.It's the 6.1-inch Infinity Display that really sells this phone. It introduces a nearly-edge-to-edge look that stretches top to bottom, with pixels spilling over the curved edges at the sides – there's no room for big bezels on Samsung's 2019 flagship smartphone.Its new Infinity-O screen – also a feature of the Galaxy S10 Plus and cheaper Galaxy S10e – is so large it actually displaces the front camera, consigning it to a small 'punch-hole' in the screen. All of the important sensors are neatly tucked behind this vibrant and bright Super AMOLED display.Also behind the glass is the new ultrasonic fingerprint sensor. You won't find a fingerprint pad on the back anymore, or anywhere visibly on the phone. Samsung put its sensor – now invisible – on the front, where we feel it belongs.Read our hands-on Samsung Galaxy S10 Plus reviewRead our hands-on Samsung Galaxy S10e reviewRead our hands-on Samsung Galaxy S10 5G reviewAnd here's all you need to know about the Samsung Galaxy FoldThe Samsung Galaxy S10 officially makes punch-hole displays a trend after the idea debuted on the Honor View 20, and in-screen fingerprint sensors more mainstream after they appeared on the OnePlus 6T, Huawei Mate 20 Pro and a few Vivo phones. It’s all in the cause of achieving that impressive 93.1% screen-to-body ratio on the front of the phone. And, frankly, we like it a bit better than a traditional notch. It won't bug you after a couple of hours with the Samsung Galaxy S10.Maximization is also the idea behind the Galaxy S10's rear-facing triple-lens camera. Samsung’s camera array has lenses to take normal, telephoto and new ultra-wide photos. The ultra-wide camera is all about capturing more of what’s in front of you without having to back up.Watch our Samsung Galaxy S10 preview video belowSure, LG phones have touted ultra-wide camera lenses for years, most recently the LG V40, but Samsung’s cameras have been more consistent in low-light conditions. The feature is finally in a a flagship-level phone you want.The Galaxy S10 also has features everyone can get. Its Wireless PowerShare feature lets you use the back of the S10 to Qi charge another phone or the new Galaxy Buds, cloning the reverse wireless charging idea in the Huawei Mate 20 Pro, a phone that’s not widely available in certain territories, including the US.The Galaxy S10 is an amalgam of other handsets’ single hallmark features packed into one phone, while Samsung pioneers as many technical features as it can cram in – faster Wi-Fi 6 and HDR10+ are both firsts for smartphones. And that’s what Samsung does best really. The Samsung Galaxy S10 marks a decade of Galaxy S phones, and while there’s been little innovation in recent years from the most popular smartphone brands, including Samsung (Bixby and AR EMoji don’t cut it), the S10 has enough newness to tempt you to upgrade.Samsung Galaxy S10 release date and priceThe Samsung Galaxy S10 release date is Friday, March 8. It was officially announced on February 20, with pre-orders opening right away in some countries. In the US, Galaxy S10 pre-order started on February 21.There's a hitch or two in Samsung's masterplan to get everyone to upgrade to this particular handset. The Galaxy S10 is expensive, even more so than the Galaxy S9, although it's markedly better value than the iPhone XS, which is more expensive and has a smaller 5.8-inch screen.Then there's the fact that Samsung's biggest competition in 2019 may be Samsung. The Galaxy S10e is cheaper and almost as good, while the Galaxy S10 Plus is the phone you’ll want if you can handle its price and screen size – and that’s to say nothing of the Galaxy S10 5G and the Samsung Galaxy Fold, which early adopters may look for true innovation at a higher price.The Samsung Galaxy S10 price starts at $899 / £799 / AU$1,349 / AED 3,199 for the 128GB of storage model, meaning you're spending an additional $180 / £60 / AED 100 on this phone over the S9 launch price.If you need more storage (and don't want to use the microSD slot inside the Galaxy S10) you can opt for the 512GB model which costs $1,149 / £999 / AU$1,699.If you like the look of this phone but think that price is a tad high, you have two options: you can go for the cheaper Galaxy S10e, which starts at $749 / £669 / AU$1,199 / AED 2,699, or suck up the price hike, marvel at the new 6.1-inch screen and 128GB base storage, and realize that Apple charges $100 / £200 / AU$430 more for the smaller 5.8-inch iPhone XS with half the internal storage, 64GB.Ordering the Galaxy S10 in advance of March 8 will net you bonuses in some countries. In the US, for example, Samsung is offering free wireless Galaxy Buds worth $149 / AU$249 when you pre-order either the Galaxy S10 or Galaxy S10 Plus.Image Credit: TechRadarDisplaySamsung Galaxy S10 specsWeight: 157gDimensions: 149.9 x 70.4 x 7.8mmOS: Android 9Screen size: 6.1-inchResolution: QHD+CPU: Octa-core chipsetRAM: 8GBStorage: 128/512GBBattery: 3,400mAhRear camera: 16MP + 12MP + 12MPFront camera: 10MP    Samsung’s screens are so good "our competitors are even using them", Samsung brand manager Paul Guzek told TechRadar, an all-too-obvious dig at Apple. It's hard to disagree.In fact, the Galaxy S10's 6.1-inch 19:9 Super AMOLED display panel looks better than anything Samsung sells its rivals. It has elegantly curved edges with pixels that spill over the sides, amped-up brightness for better outdoor visibility, and HDR10+ support for superior contrast and color.There's a QHD+ resolution too, which creates a pixel density of 550ppi, ensuring everything on screen is highly detailed. However, the phone defaults to Full HD+, which looks as good and you probably won't notice a difference on a phone this size, unless you're using it for VR two inches from your face. It also saves battery life by burning fewer pixels.The new Infinity-O display type is what stands out – for better or worse. Samsung has successfully avoided a notch cut-out at the top of its flagship phones, instead using a laser-cut hole in the top-right corner of the screen to embed the front-facing camera, as on the Honor View 20.Is a 'punch-hole' camera more or less distracting than a notch? We’re going to reserve judgment for our final Samsung Galaxy S10 review, when we’ll put the phone through its paces in day-to-day use. One thing we can say right away though is that it’s given Samsung more screen real estate to play with than ever.Don’t let the bigger 6.1-inch screen size scare you off. The S10’s dimensions are 149.9 x 70.4 x 7.8mm (it weighs 157g), so it’s only marginally taller and wider than the S9 with its 5.8-inch screen, and noticeably thinner and a bit lighter. Those marginal increases in height and width are due to the S10’s screen-to-body ratio of 93.1% (last year was 83.6%). The S10 Plus sports that 6.4-inch screen with the same screen-to-body ratio and a nice size if you can handle it. However, if you're wary of false corner touches (especially when typing) due to the bezel-less edges, stick with the normal S10.Image Credit: TechRadarBezel does outline the top and bottom of this display, even if we said it wasn’t big. Samsung’s top speaker still reigns, and there’s a thin but noticeable chin across the bottom; it’s less bezel rather than bezel-less. And the fact that the bottom bezel is larger than the top one catches our eye – it may be more distracting than the punch-hole.There’s little to dislike regarding the new display – if the Infinity-O doesn’t distract day-to-day, and as mentioned we’ll update this review when we have more hands-on time with the S10.DesignImage Credit: TechRadarYou’re not going to be overly surprised by the rest of the Samsung Galaxy S10 design, though there are a few notable enhancements, two hidden surprises, and an old classic here.Its thinner aluminum frame is sandwiched between smooth glass, with the back coming in your choice of color: Flamingo Pink, Prism Black, Prism Blue, Prism White, Canary Yellow and Prism Green. Samsung Galaxy S10 colors will vary by region, with the US getting all but yellow and green.There’s the smallest of camera bumps on the back, housing the triple-lens camera array, while we saw no signs of Samsung’s invisible reverse wireless charging module below this. It’s a particularly clean look in a world of camera bumps and rear-fingerprint sensors.We had no difficulty activating Samsung’s Wireless PowerShare feature after turning it on via the quick settings notification shade. We placed our Galaxy Buds case on the lower third of the S10 back and the earbuds began charging almost instantly. It even charged our iPhone XS Max.Samsung laid out two scenarios in which Wireless PowerShare would be helpful: charging a friend’s phone, or charging your Galaxy Buds at night, effectively making your plugged-in S10 a mobile Qi charger pad. Samsung noted, though, that PowerShare won’t work when the phone is below 30%.Also invisible – this time around the front – is the fingerprint sensor. While a lot of Android phones have used a rear-facing fingerprint sensor, Samsung stuck with the front-facing physical sensor pad all the way up to the Galaxy S7. So the switch to the back felt foreign on Samsung phones – but it’s come back to the front in the S10, this time tucked underneath the glass.This is an ultrasonic fingerprint sensor, different from the optical sensors on the OnePlus 6T and Huawei Mate 20 Pro, for example. Samsung uses Qualcomm-backed tech that’s said to be better, and more secure, by making a 3D scan of your print, but we’ll have to test it out day-to-day. So far, it’s unlocked the phone when we put our thumb on the lower-third of the device. It does take a little longer than an optical scanner to read your finger, and you have to apply a little more pressure for it to work, but you're still looking at no more than a second from touch to unlock.And here’s a welcomed classic that hasn’t changed since the first S phone a decade ago: the 3.5mm headphone jack. Samsung is one of the few phone makers that includes the standard headphone jack in 2019 – and it’s doing it despite introducing the wireless Galaxy Buds.CameraImage Credit: TechRadarSamsung wants you to take photos at any angle, so the Galaxy S10 has a triple-lens camera on back with a 12MP regular lens, 12MP optically zoomed telephoto lens, and a brand new 16MP ultra-wide lens.We got to test the S10 camera via our S10 Plus review unit (they have the same cameras), and got impressive results. Here's the gallery:Image 1 of 14The Galaxy S10 camera takes excellent photos, even in mixed and low light conditions. It's not too dark on our subject, US Mobile Editor David Lumb, and the bright moving flames are captured with detail without being overexposed.Image 2 of 14Here's the same shot in Live Focus (Samsung's portrait mode). It properly blurs the background, and you can change the background blur intensity even after the shot is taken. Samsung also includes blur filters: artistic, spin, zoom and color point (which in this case made the background black and white). They're actually really cool looking.Image 3 of 14Shot suggestions helped us frame up the shot. This camera reticle can be helpful and you don't have to snap the photo. The shutter just activates when you hover over the reticle 'Best Shot' dot. But it's not always accurate. Sometimes it stuck the circle off-center in a group shot for no apparent reason. Overall, it's a nice touch with some room for improvement.Image 4 of 14In our ongoing Galaxy S10 camera review, we've noticed subjects up close with enough light contain excellent detail. Rejoice food photo takers. The scene optimizer AI works well for food.Image 5 of 14The 12MP camera gives us a lot of detail, and while vibrancy and saturation are cranked up a bit compared to an iPhone, Samsung's camera no longer makes food look oversaturated and alien looking. There was a time when Samsung's cameras would make hotdogs, for example, look fire engine red by amping up contrast.Image 6 of 14Testing the blur effect of the main camera (without switching to portrait mode) proved to give us the depth effect we desired. Strong detail in the foreground, with rich bokeh in the background.Image 7 of 14We tapped the background to get that in focus, and the bokeh gave our foreground some nice blur. The detail in the background is crisp – like the fried chicken.Image 8 of 14The Galaxy S10 camera sometimes looks better than real life. Its blues and orangey-reds here really pop, while the white doesn't appear to be too warm to along with it (before you often couldn't have one without the other). We still feel the Google Pixel 3 Night Sight mode does a better job, but Samsung is very close. More comparisons to come.Image 9 of 14Image 10 of 14Here's a well-lit location of two subjects. The photo avoids being too warm, striking fairly good color and white balance.Image 11 of 14Here's the same shot from the new ultra-wide camera. The hard part about such a wide camera is that there's often needless excess in there. Cropping or using the regular lens is just fine. Not every shot deserves this camera lens, but it creates a neat effect in the situations.Image 12 of 14Here's another ultra-wide photo we took using the S10 camera. This is a more appropriate picture demonstrating some of the elements you'd miss with the tighter regular lens.Image 13 of 14The S10 is good at active tracking fast-moving subjects. Case in point, it was able to capture these bright flames as they moved in the San Francisco wind. They're crisp, not blurry, and not overexposed despite the camera also needing to capture the dark stones.Image 14 of 14We still find the Samsung's camera to amp up vibrancy and saturation, also applying an Instagram filter ahead of time. This works well for us, but comes down to taste. The iPhone XS we use often has true-to-life colors, but next to the S10 or Google Pixel 3, they look rather drab.We’re going to take a hard look at the camera, how it compared to the class-leading Pixel 3, and determine how good the ultra-wide photos look. Samsung’s 123-degree field of view is rather wide, which serves the purpose of not having to back up to get everything in a shot. But that may result in an unnatural fisheye look. This ultra-wide camera also lacks OIS compared to the other two lenses.Image Credit: TechRadarOn the front, we have a single 10MP camera with dual auto-focuses. If you upgrade to the S10 Plus, you’ll also get an 8MP camera meant for enhancing depth in portrait photos.Scene optimizer gains 10 new categories, with Samsung’s camera AI now able to tell the difference between a cat and dog to fine tune things like white balance. Shot Suggestions is a new feature that uses the neural processor engine to nudge you to properly level your shots or frame subjects better.On the video side, the software has been upgraded to record in HDR10+ and offer Digital Video Stabilization. Samsung says that this is meant to make all of your Ultra HD video as smooth as an action cam. Shots fired, GoPro Hero7 Black.Specs and battery lifeImage Credit: TechRadarThe Samsung Galaxy S10 gets proper under-the-hood upgrades, touting the new top-of-the-line Snapdragon or Exynos chipsets, depending on which country you live in. It's plenty fast. The Qualcomm Snapdragon 855 chipset we benchmarked came back with a record-breaking multi-score speed... for Android. The iPhone XS is still a bit faster, but Samsung is very close at 11,002 to Apple's 11,481.It also comes with 8GB of RAM – a serious upgrade over the 4GB of RAM in last year’s S9 – and includes options for 128GB or 512GB of internal storage. There’s no 64GB version to worry about here, and Samsung still supports expandable storage.It contains a 3,400mAh battery, an upgrade over the 3,000mAh capacity of the S9. Because of the bigger screen, officially, Samsung is still claiming all-day battery life if not a bit more.Also onboard is next-gen Wi-Fi 6, which will support seamless transition between Wi-Fi routers and is four times faster than 802.11ax. It should deliver a 20% speed boost, but you’ll need a new router to really get any use out of this feature.What you won’t get on this phone is the S10 Plus and Note 9-exclusive vapor chamber cooling. If you’re a gamer, you may want to upgrade to the larger phone for more than just the bigger screen.Early verdictThe Galaxy S10 is a deserved 10th anniversary phone for Samsung and its storied S series. Its new display type lays out more pixels across less body, has a triple-lens camera so you can now take ultra-wide photos, and contains a bigger battery surrounded by beefier specs.You’ll like all of these features, while your friends will like the new Wireless PowerShare perk. The S10 marks an anniversary, but it also marks something a bit different among smartphones. It disrupts the sameness of smartphones just enough to become a tempting upgrade. The price, however, may give you second thoughts. That’s where the Galaxy S10e plays an important role.Our Galaxy S10 hands-on review isn’t finished yet. This phone requires a lot more testing and day-to-day use to determine if the three-eyed rear camera is the best in the world and the ‘punch-hole’ Infinity-O display is the style of screen we want to stare at in 2019.Image 1 of 14Here's the same shot in Live Focus (Samsung's portrait mode). It properly blurs the background, and you can change the background blur intensity even after the shot is taken. Samsung also includes blur filters: artistic, spin, zoom and color point (which in this case made the background black and white). They're actually really cool looking.Image 2 of 14The Galaxy S10 camera takes excellent photos, even in mixed and low light conditions. It's not too dark on our subject, US Mobile Editor David Lumb, and the bright moving flames are captured with detail without being overexposed.Image 3 of 14Shot suggestions helped us frame up the shot. This camera reticle can be helpful and you don't have to snap the photo. The shutter just activates when you hover over the reticle 'Best Shot' dot. But it's not always accurate. Sometimes it stuck the circle off-center in a group shot for no apparent reason. Overall, it's a nice touch with some room for improvement.Image 4 of 14In our ongoing Galaxy S10 camera review, we've noticed subjects up close with enough light contain excellent detail. Rejoice food photo takers. The scene optimizer AI works well for food.Image 5 of 14The 12MP camera gives us a lot of detail, and while vibrancy and saturation are cranked up a bit compared to an iPhone, Samsung's camera no longer makes food look oversaturated and alien looking. There was a time when Samsung's cameras would make hotdogs, for example, look fire engine red by amping up contrast.Image 6 of 14Testing the blur effect of the main camera (without switching to portrait mode) proved to give us the depth effect we desired. Strong detail in the foreground, with rich bokeh in the background.Image 7 of 14We tapped the background to get that in focus, and the bokeh gave our foreground some nice blur. The detail in the background is crisp – like the fried chicken.Image 8 of 14The Galaxy S10 camera sometimes looks better than real life. Its blues and orangey-reds here really pop, while the white doesn't appear to be too warm to along with it (before you often couldn't have one without the other). We still feel the Google Pixel 3 Night Sight mode does a better job, but Samsung is very close. More comparisons to come.Image 9 of 14Image 10 of 14Here's a well-lit location of two subjects. The photo avoids being too warm, striking fairly good color and white balance.Image 11 of 14Here's the same shot from the new ultra-wide camera. The hard part about such a wide camera is that there's often needless excess in there. Cropping or using the regular lens is just fine. Not every shot deserves this camera lens, but it creates a neat effect in the situations.Image 12 of 14Here's another ultra-wide photo we took using the S10 camera. This is a more appropriate picture demonstrating some of the elements you'd miss with the tighter regular lens.Image 13 of 14The S10 is good at active tracking fast-moving subjects. Case in point, it was able to capture these bright flames as they moved in the San Francisco wind. They're crisp, not blurry, and not overexposed despite the camera also needing to capture the dark stones.Image 14 of 14We still find the Samsung's camera to amp up vibrancy and saturation, also applying an Instagram filter ahead of time. This works well for us, but comes down to taste. The iPhone XS we use often has true-to-life colors, but next to the S10 or Google Pixel 3, they look rather drab.Image 1 of 14Here's the same shot in Live Focus (Samsung's portrait mode). It properly blurs the background, and you can change the background blur intensity even after the shot is taken. Samsung also includes blur filters: artistic, spin, zoom and color point (which in this case made the background black and white). They're actually really cool looking.Image 2 of 14The Galaxy S10 camera takes excellent photos, even in mixed and low light conditions. It's not too dark on our subject, US Mobile Editor David Lumb, and the bright moving flames are captured with detail without being overexposed.Image 3 of 14Shot suggestions helped us frame up the shot. This camera reticle can be helpful and you don't have to snap the photo. The shutter just activates when you hover over the reticle 'Best Shot' dot. But it's not always accurate. Sometimes it stuck the circle off-center in a group shot for no apparent reason. Overall, it's a nice touch with some room for improvement.Image 4 of 14In our ongoing Galaxy S10 camera review, we've noticed subjects up close with enough light contain excellent detail. Rejoice food photo takers. The scene optimizer AI works well for food.Image 5 of 14The 12MP camera gives us a lot of detail, and while vibrancy and saturation are cranked up a bit compared to an iPhone, Samsung's camera no longer makes food look oversaturated and alien looking. There was a time when Samsung's cameras would make hotdogs, for example, look fire engine red by amping up contrast.Image 6 of 14Testing the blur effect of the main camera (without switching to portrait mode) proved to give us the depth effect we desired. Strong detail in the foreground, with rich bokeh in the background.Image 7 of 14We tapped the background to get that in focus, and the bokeh gave our foreground some nice blur. The detail in the background is crisp – like the fried chicken.Image 8 of 14The Galaxy S10 camera sometimes looks better than real life. Its blues and orangey-reds here really pop, while the white doesn't appear to be too warm to along with it (before you often couldn't have one without the other). We still feel the Google Pixel 3 Night Sight mode does a better job, but Samsung is very close. More comparisons to come.Image 9 of 14Image 10 of 14Here's a well-lit location of two subjects. The photo avoids being too warm, striking fairly good color and white balance.Image 11 of 14Here's the same shot from the new ultra-wide camera. The hard part about such a wide camera is that there's often needless excess in there. Cropping or using the regular lens is just fine. Not every shot deserves this camera lens, but it creates a neat effect in the situations.Image 12 of 14Here's another ultra-wide photo we took using the S10 camera. This is a more appropriate picture demonstrating some of the elements you'd miss with the tighter regular lens.Image 13 of 14The S10 is good at active tracking fast-moving subjects. Case in point, it was able to capture these bright flames as they moved in the San Francisco wind. They're crisp, not blurry, and not overexposed despite the camera also needing to capture the dark stones.Image 14 of 14We still find the Samsung's camera to amp up vibrancy and saturation, also applying an Instagram filter ahead of time. This works well for us, but comes down to taste. The iPhone XS we use often has true-to-life colors, but next to the S10 or Google Pixel 3, they look rather drab.~Matt Swider,~2019-02-26T07:09:07Z~NA
